FEAT: Add known issues and limitation section (#760)
ansys/pymechanical: doc/source/kil/index.rst

.. _ref_known_issues_and_limitation:

Known issue and limitations
===========================

> Here are some known issues, limitations, and things to be aware of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the following known issues and limitations. Certain features may not be fully compatible across different versions of Mechanical and PyMechanical. 
```

Some features may not be fully compatible across different versions of Mechanical and PyMechanical.
Ansys recommends that you always use the latest version to achieve the best results.

..
   This toctree must be a top-level index to get it to show up in
   pydata_sphinx_theme.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   mechanical
   pymechanical

.. grid:: 2
    :gutter: 2 2 3 4

    .. grid-item-card:: :fas:`fa-solid fa-gears` Mechanical
        :link: mechanical
        :link-type: doc
        :text-align: center

        Known issues and limitations of Standalone Mechanical

    .. grid-item-card:: :fab:`fa-brands fa-python` PyMechanical
        :link: pymechanical
        :link-type: doc
        :text-align: center

        Known issues and limitations of PyMechanical

Support
=======

> If you encounter any issues or limitations that hinder your work, please reach out to our support team immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter any issues or limitations that hinder your work, please contact our support team immediately.
```
